okay so I didn't think I was going to
stream again probably going to lose
stream for like five minutes but first
off one cool thing starting to write
write it again in hll hll is looking
kind of clean guys look at this I like
this Loop thing where you where recurses
I kind of like that
thing not GNA lie I kind of like it uh I
hate cabal cabble hate it you know why I
hate it you have to manually add dep
dependency it's like they they don't
code in anything else super lame can't
do cabal ad and cabal get just like Clon
some source code just like fine I guess
but whatever but no we got some new [__]
we got some new [__] so I was wondering
like why is my pars are so mid and the
reason why my pars are so mid is because
you can't parse files into sets of
Expressions it's only meant for a single
expression that's what this thing is so
I added this rule they returns a ve of
exper
which is cool and then I added a
comment so one thing I I should test in
my test
file F2 test comments we have to rename
that uh is in here let's do
a
I okay let's try it again oh we got to
rename the
thing um main [__] main test
cool okay so that that was super easy to
modify that um the
parser can you have times in it all
right so now what I want to do that
we've done
that uh in
Main
damn these build times are getting
really lame
BR I think it's I think it's I think
it's startup time but no cuz it's like
it's actually building
it it's probably because I commented
that stuff out um so what did I want to
test I wanted to
test oh yeah
that should be fine
though all right so I think it's
all right cool so comments work
great
uh all right
um let's add some
test just so test function test
parer
um we going to do
uh Val
parse no we want to do
a do you have a function called
parse
Asser wait what the
[__] we going to
do this without
it
damn I hate that okay
cool and then I had a small bug fix in
the read
me
for right now VAR attic uh and I guess
you know what we should
do for all of these guys it's not going
to render nicely
but
oh there we
go then
we got to go through okay no no comments
in
[Music]
there uh feel we can just get rid
that just get rid of
dude we can just get
rid
cool
I mean I do wish that they would color
correctly what happens if we
pick what's my battery
at
whoa
what happens if
we did I disable the
extension hey that's not bad dude that's
pretty
nice what if I just named
itwl
bro that is not
bad does it
not oh no that I mean that's fine we
have to see on
um whatever but all right um
so I'm still going to keep it my own
obviously because if you don't have sex
in your file name extension are you
really
living okay um cool so we implemented
comments it was just a matter of adding
another rule to our
parser to make it more industrial
strength okay yeah so now we can do this
so actually what we want to
do is we want to do
this
list
rule
X dude that is sweet I love that that
works we should see if that actually
works I want to see if I copy and paste
that
into uh
oh
okay
[Music]
so
um can we just make it no cuz my guess
is that it has to
return is that has to
return right CU we're trying to call
Expressions on
it
I feel like we could just remove
that
um
Happ
only seems like we fail
to
I mean personally I think it's
fine let's see what it says but I think
that the correct
um
yeah be getting rid
of expert I think it's fine I think we
just don't print
it
Co that's
awesome
let me just ask it is there a way to
tell yes code to use a
particular uh language setting for
a commissive
p
cool
default settings is not what I
want sex
P2 wol I think that's all we need to
do
was
it let me try to close and
reopen
bro that didn't work at all
them
I'm going to Google
it is that the right settings that Json
it is
dude if I try
that okay cool so it had to be lowercase
even though that is uppercase I didn't
like that at all but that's
okay
cool oh and the the strings get oranged
I like
that all right we're cooking with gas
with this programming language
guys I like that we can do multi-line
[Music]
no I feel like we can't do
that um
I feel like we're not allowed to do this
[Music]
thing I wonder what n times no n
is it's going to be null
right no it's null Square dude that's
funny as
[Music]
[__] all right so so now that we
have I wonder how we're going to do that
though cuz
[Music]
uh
oh and we actually have to
fix a lot of stuff I just remember that
we
can't do this we have to
do for line no we have to do let X first
equal
exper partial Express
expressions of
uh how do I read the whole [__] thing
dude we're just going to do
this
let contents
equal
no not startup path oh we still call on
it startup
path so we don't need to do that we just
want to do
this then we say file
contents let me give it a pointer
right then we want to say for expert in
experts the thing
is that could give
a does it just bail though cuz that
would be
[Music]
stupid oh yeah we didn't really test
anything
[Music]
H so we have to think about
this
[Music]
h
what happens if we do
that
right uh
uh yeah because it's gonna
be a parse
eror
okay so we're going to go back to
that
see this
worked I think it does work I think that
this is just because we're doing the
wrong
thing I think we are allowed to unwrap
there I think we're going to be
fine
oh
wait comment that move that down com
that
sh comment
that what is this
expected a bang yeah me too
buddy
oh
X piss I give it a
pointer all right let's try that
[Music]
[__]
oh cool we're actually
uh that was actually pretty
good oh
[Music]
nice
not Guitar
[Music]
Hero
this
[Music]
guys that's this is one of the best
songs of all time it all will fall fall
right into place
[Music]
so we can to delete
that uh what should we put in here
WL what happens if I do
this we don't want
that okay
cool standardized comments
improve parer
to let me test really
[Music]
quick seeks and Geeks
bro
geekon cool so now we have I want to go
to um cast
3age
[Music]
t
I would love to see okay
um wait actually yeah okay
uh sweet sweet sweet sweet
sweet so this I want to ask
it this grammar work
out
the now I want
to uh code
formatting since this grammar is so
simple I am
imagine
formatter might not
be Fest thing Fest thing that's
hilarious that I typed
[Music]
that yeah but the problem is we don't
actually store line
[Music]
and
can I do a dash with is that
true wait what just
happened oh
yeah
damn F the
whole
[Music]
what did I want to do I wanted to look
at
uh oh you can do dashes that's
[Music]
nutty
yo what's going on bro [__] how long you
been here uh I just added comments so
now I can do stuff like this I think
this will fail to parse this is a
comment I think it says it fails to
parse but that's only because there's no
expression here if there's something
like
this uh then then it's fine so I can
have like F this is a common X and it
just returns F ofx so but but the real
cool thing is
now I finally tested that I can have
multi-line I can have multi-line
uh uh thing so I could do this where my
ARS my patterns are all like
this
and then if I just go like this and copy
and paste this definition it works out
null is just because it's set delayed
but it does actually parse so now I can
take derivatives I don't remember what
was going on uh the last
time uh you tuned in but derivatives
work dude this is so cool so I can do
like like power
X3 to X and you get time
3x2 so I can take basic derivatives it's
missing a lot of cases but it's so cool
that now we can see like the fruits of
this language
actually uh coming about where we can
write in terms of patterns another rule
that's really cool here that I'll I'll
format oh yeah but I'm looking into code
formatting that's the other thing that I
want
to the problem is that our parser is not
that good in that it doesn't Store LINE
like line
information so it would be nice to know
you know at what point in the code each
expression showed up but right now we
don't have that so I think code
formatting might
require
like I don't know some more
[Music]
work maybe Peg has something for that
dude I like it I love this syntax and
I'll tell you why this syntax is
beautiful because there's no operator
precedence there's no operator
precedence and it's uh it's a it's a
beautiful
thing I hate operator
precedence but I agree I mean it's
uh I remember when I was in school man I
would always put extra parentheses
around so I didn't have to remember
pemos still like
it but automatically formatting this
code would be
sweet so that's what I was looking up
here
[Music]
it doesn't do
anything how you real for matters
actually
using
[Music]
wait hold
on yeah writing a code formatter would
for this would be pretty
Overkill
I don't think it's so
bad yeah
probably I feel like Peg might expose
some debug information for me
though they I remember seeing there's
like a tracing
thing Trace to debug
grammar that's kind of
nice it's not what I wanted at
all
o oh and it's by faster than lime I know
this
guy oh that's sweet I wonder if it has
line
info
like
uh
yeah yeah for
[Music]
sure
yeah oh and the red ones oh this is so
sweet wonder if I should do this
does
it let's see did it have at one comma
one oh so it does give it does expose us
that info so we actually have
line
info because one thing that's really
cool in Mathematica that I love is that
the way that clicking and selection
works is it keeps going so like like I I
I just love clicking because it expands
out the tree so
nicely and then if you just do this one
you get the top level so it
it and something that's so cool is that
you can just copy this and paste this
into as the input to an
expression like I can just do this full
form it's just going to be made what the
the
graphics oh man that is so cool and
here's all the data in
[Music]
it but um yeah so that's that
um all right let's just finish those off
um but I think uh I want to add a issue
so I added some more issues I want to
make a Jupiter notebook kernel I feel
like that would be really
cool but we're getting close to being
able to do cellular atom I think uh look
into Peg
Biz
or
uh
um Peg tracing and Peg
biz or
code
format cuz I don't know a basic
heuristic is
like
um right you could do this and then
since you're at depth two you indent
then here now you're or you're at depth
one now you're at depth
two okay but then you go to the next one
in the list and you're still at depth
two so you do that oh wait I missed one
you do that now you're depth three so
you do this oh this could get bad
H that's not the worst in the world
though I wonder how I should look into
how lisp actually does
it that's not the
worst thing but then would it do this
I mean that would be
disgusting oh this one's at the same
level
right wait
no yeah it's an interesting thought code
formatting is an interesting
problem it's not
hard yeah I wonder
it seems hard I'm not going to
lie I wonder if I could just use but
lisp my grammar is pure s
expression with no
precedence
rules are there lists like that but it's
not going to format cu the comments I
don't
know
let's see lisp
formatter online let's look up an online
one online lisp
[Music]
compiler that's crazy man nobody uses
lisp nobody uses these old
languages
indent can I use it
[Music]
online yeah I don't I have quoting so
that's not going to work
either I forget even what that
apostrophe
does man that's crazy that there's
nothing
on should I look up scheme for
matter
this is somewhere between hard and
impossible what did you say hold on oh
oh Jupiter yeah yeah
yeah I guess I have to turn down my
volume slightly I clip it when I get
excited yeah the Jupiter thing didn't
look so
bad but uh
see why I feel like my mic is just bad I
am needed
mic I was thinking about buying a mic
today actually hey
actually uh what do you think about my
audio quality I feel like it comes out
okay but it's not
amazing yeah I didn't spend too much
time looking into the Jupiter
thing
part of the problem is I feel like the
audio quality is like
mad so compar what happens with my
camera yeah hold
on um yeah but oh wait for some reason
it we just reset this
thing what
happened Advanced Audio
properties
what like
that hold on I have to set this back to
15 this thing is so
bad hello okay that's that's
better oh man uh yeah what was what was
I looking at Jupiter let's close
everything oh wait did I post my
issue where was it too many tabs open I
probably made it
right yeah all right so let's close tabs
to the
right let's
uh
making
it seemed like the easiest way to do is
with python but maybe it would be cool
to do it with rust I know actually I I
contributed I contributed a little bit
to this project which has a Jupiter
kernel
implementation but it seemed like a lot
of
code do I even have this I think I
do
[Music]
um that would be cool yeah Jupiter uses
HTML for everything let's let's redo
this I don't have anything else to do
kernel is a program that runs and
introspects the users code
gosh this actually bores the hell out of
me python
rapper what does that even
mean
what oh
whoa
no it's
not that's [__] this this is a great
I love this this is such a good dude
XKCD gets it right bro that is so funny
ostensibly
yes let's see what is the subtext we
lost the documentation on quantum
mechanics you'll have to decode the
rexes
yourself random mon R
man this project was interesting
though that's
cool there's so many projects out there
in the world it's just so interesting to
see everyone make
stuff Doo I don't know what Dino is but
I've heard a lot about
it oh
cool thanks
man let's see rust
template oh this is just this guy's
template just implement the following
clap application and execute bin
installed to get a Jupiter
kernel of the corresponding language
whoa what the
[__] so what did he
implement
what is
engine oh I see right
okay okay so what exactly did he write
here there's so much stuff here
dude language INF
new with f
okay
okay with syntax what is with syntax I
wonder if I can just admit
that seems like it was last update a
long time ago though I wonder if it's
still oh
no hold on give me a
second
okay
um well let's just clone this and try to
run this thing let's see what's going on
with
this cuz it would be
fun
uh
jar how do I run
it just implement the following clap
application
dude I don't get it
what
he sto
code
yeah that's
wild dude I do not get what's going on
here this is above my [__] head impo
Jupiter kernel prop protocol for
calculator contact so I guess this is
the n store sockets what the hell is
this thing okay it's part of
there Library I guess is it in the
client I don't know how to run this
thing
oh here here's the here's the stuff
okay
the
command oh M
okay what's
v oh it's okay it's these
things what is the open
Action imple open Action
I don't really get what this is
dude hold
on that's
from I need to install the Jupiter
kernel
first on Discord you want to walk
through
it might be late there dude it's
probably like 3:00 a.m. for you isn't
it I think I have Discord
installed
U I feel like I want to walk through
these
um
what does p
expect see they should just say if you
have a language that take string to
string okay let me get
on let me close my
thing open
Discord hey what's
up
uh no not really I've just used
them wait wait hold on give me a second
okay go
ahead okay so it depends on your
operating system you have a thing called
Jupiter like front end and then you have
Jupiter kernel that's running in the in
the
background um Jupiter kernel should know
all uh like system path to actual
kernels because um on a single system
you can have like multiple kernels like
one for JavaScript one for Ros one for
go and so on right
yeah yeah uh so it has a default path
you can find it in Jupiter installation
path I used to have it in my bookmarks
let me just open up Jupiter
notbook okay Comm directories and file
locations here is the link where you can
find them so the first step you would
need to install those uh installing
those means creating a folder in that
home directory and U it's not home it's
Home Jupiter kernels and then a folder
with the name of your kernel and inside
you should create a file called kernel.
Json that includes the path to your
actual kernel executable and then when
you when kernel front end you select a
kernel let's say you want to execute the
cell with JavaScript right yeah you like
in top right corner you select like
JavaScript kernel and what it does it
sends the command to the jupit konel to
run that executable in colel Json file I
mean that
is from the location colel Jason file
and then send a command to that um
executable through Zer mq protocol to
execute that
cell responds okay there's a lot of
steps in there I'm I'm not the smartest
I I need
to
uh
yeah I I can just repeat it like in
steps the first step you need to install
it so it means it means so the kernel
knows where the executable is okay they
install the kernel which is like uh is
like register it with uh with Jupiter
yeah
yeah so I mean sounds more I guess
elaborate than it actually is all it
does it creates a folder and it creates
a single Json inside of that
folder makes a Json for that
language okay yeah sure all where does
that file
go uh I mean I can send you a link it
depends on your operating system oh yeah
actually probably especially because I'm
on are you on
Linux uh no I'm on Mac oh nice nice okay
yeah I'm on uh on Windows and it's a
mess yeah yeah sent your link um it's
the typical location where you can find
those maybe root do Jupiter should be
konel directory data files
no
um
okay let's see yeah it should be runtime
files yeah should be just in your home
directory let's see um
yeah oh yeah nice
okay
uh Jupiter a wait window oh yeah an app
data
made okay cool yeah so what this package
wants uh wants from you is to wrap its
commands into clap so that you create
the executable and then just run his
commands Okay so in the case of my
language though right
now I guess the very first step is that
it's currently only able to be run
through cargo run so it's not a library
or anything it's only interface is
through Rusty line which is the read
line it's fine it's fine it's totally
fine so it so you don't need to change
any of
that no I don't think so okay because I
the only thing I would change is the
your like workspace I guess instead of
doing your we're doing right now I would
create a workspace so it would make it
easier to you know to switch between
your kernel and your actual library or
your B binary with your
project
um I would just create like a workspace
that would make things easier but you're
saying that like the executable that's
generated with cargo run
is should be fine for implementing the
stuper kernel yeah oh okay yeah yeah
yeah but okay for example you need to
treat your executable as some kind of
LSP as an LSP
I don't know how the LSP protocol works
really yeah it's it's not it's not
actual LSP what I mean is that um your
executable is something that is run when
the command to execute something when
you get the command to execute something
and then you get the result the issue
you will have with that because it's not
an actual LSP you won't be able to have
actual context right okay be able to
assign those like variables and
right okay so but that's
that's uh I guess to get started we
don't have to do that but that'll
that'll to make it usable we'll
definitely need to be able to mutate
State uh yeah okay sure so I'll keep
I'll put a pin on that but what else
does this thing need all right hold on I
keep seeing that I'm clipping I need to
keep adjusting my audio but there's like
a bug in this thing going drop it down
to eight
okay hopefully that's a little bit
better I still see that I'm
clipping I'll do it to
five let's see I don't know um what I
would do instead like um I create a
workspace I would um split your thing
into library and then create a binary
with with
clap it would make your life easier
especially with stest and stuff
okay yeah I'm sure it will there's so
much stuff to do
okay um let's see I mean you definitely
need to do that with Jupiter or at least
create another project yeah I was going
to make another project just to get uh
but okay let me push my Chang in
one okay hold on uh yeah I'll do it in
here uh let's just say yeah I'm going to
delete this stuff really
quick multi line and
and what did I change here you know
about work spaces right no that's why
I'm uh hesitant let me make a branch
for okay sure um give me a second um can
you drop me the the link into whco I can
set it up gotcha
um [__] hell I accidentally deleted V
let me downlo it again I accidentally I
IED it on purpose
but
um give me a second uh
Mac what am I done load in oh no it's
Universal I need
M1
um no
here manage multiple related packages
that are developed in tandem okay
workspace is a set of packages that
share the same cargo
lock uh
yep okay it's fairly simple uh
you can also share settings like
workspace white settings there just give
me a
second um live share open yeah I'm
loading
in um
nice hey um where am I
um okay um
so what we'll need to do is your project
is called cast right uh it's called cast
three
yeah ah so three is actually part of the
name right uh yeah for now
yeah uh and you want it to and you want
to keep it yeah
yeah c three okay so we just we create
several folders then like C CL and U
almost then cry Jupiter oh you can
obviously rename it yeah that's good and
then we would move everything in here
into
c
um we we need to move this thing and
obviously this what is Lang oh I guess
oh Lang is all my yeah yeah okay
um and I just want to be sure uh oh
you're going to move Lang in there okay
so the relative so you would do cargo
run from within the
C uh I'm just trying to think no you can
there's no need to because you can
specify one binary file well I guess
what I'm worried about is that in my in
my code I have uh some relative paths
for how I boot the
language so I was just trying to figure
out if the relative paths will break but
it's all right it's not a big
deal maybe they will but you shouldn't
use them yeah well I yeah I shouldn't
because you you can you can specify them
from the I mean they won't break because
you you have to move all stuff you need
uh if you Rel paath you would need to
move all your stuff to to the binary
itself we need to move that in
tet okay oh yeah you're totally right
okay yeah um give me a second where is
it over here let me just open this
thing here
okay follow you
okay sorry there's a lot of stuff that I
never got around to like the yeah all
right uh what is that where are we oh
here
okay God
um so we need to get too in
root uh this one that is stuff you don't
need
this uh you don't need this you need
like
Casto and you need like has what oh that
should be right oops Yeah like
J and come at the
end uh something like that I guess now
what we need is to create
another another in here t oh we can
actually actually in car Tomo and
um why is it lagging so hard oh yeah I
need to trust this workspace I guess
whatever so one thing that's interesting
about workspaces is if they all share
the same cargo lock and we're adding
clap as a dependency to this Jupiter uh
crate that does that mean that to build
just the normal CLI you would also need
to compile
clap
everything will be compiled together it
doesn't doesn't matter
yeah okay it it will not be the part of
your binary if that's for you it's for
you but
huh it will not be the part of your
binary it will be uh Stripped
Away right yeah it'll be stripped away
and during optimization but it will have
to compile it when you're building the
binary right I guess what I'm saying is
I see other crates use feature Flags
everything yeah yeah you're building
everything
yeah um where I here that's what I
wanted to copy paste and I wanted to
copy paste it into here you don't really
need to pres an addition here because
you can just get it from workspace now
like that nice so now if you want to
change the version you just change it
here do I need to change the name in
there to be cast 3 CLI
where in the cargo tommo in
here uh oh yeah yeah
okay let me do it for the other
guy and God what's Happening
Here I wonder if you omit these things
version edition published does it
default to workspace equals true or
not no okay no you you contate them you
contate version and addition oh okay I
see publish is default to True
um something like
that I don't know like
that uh yeah so here you can just add
the clap and
um I mean if you need this main file oh
you need that that like SRC I guess and
and then oh God I created the file
what oh never
mind it just like it so hard for me I
don't know why
um red whatever uh
see uh can
I I try to okay I cannot add the
dependency to C oh yeah that's
right just add gu so hold on let me try
to do it with the the command
line uh
uh clap that's what you want okay yay
look at that
cutie
oops oh which features do you want I
think I might need
a okay
right uh
didn't mean to do
that for some
reason is tell me okay never
mind fine
now mhm
yeah
okay uh now it want you can just follow
the follow the example now you can um
you're talking about the uh the Jupiter
kernel thing this hold on
this code yeah like you need like Comm
on something like that yeah yeah yeah I
think so okay yeah you can just copy
paste it yeah then you just what you
like for it and then you one sec access
it come on and you go running
it
I'll have to go in like 20
minutes all right let's see here let's
import all these
things okay what is this even asking me
to do though that's my question
so
what uh so I copied in this stuff what
what do what does Open start install and
uninstall actually
mean
like uh those should be structures from
um Jupiter protocol
prank
okay so you would have to install it
first oh do I need to add this is a
dependency is that what that
means
sure what do I copy it I don't really
get this
see what do you mean just call your add
go a protocol something that go Dash
protocol I think oh I need to add this
okay yeah Caro add
jup
protol wait couldn't find it in the
industry
see oh I think it's just called Jupiter
all
right okay I add
um
cool the
name so
use
okay oh and then it
wants there's another section
here and then there's
this right so this is the startup
app
makes sense but I don't really get what
this does dude
um what do you
mean
like so if I run this script will this
install everything for
me what is everything
or I mean like will it put that file in
you have not wait wait you have not
imported
anything
yeah well I don't really know what this
is like what are we
doing I don't know how to help you I
don't even understand what we talking
about what we doing we creating an En
each en variant represents a
command when you par cine command you
parse the
command there you have it
here
okay so here's this so you would run
like uh you would run like uh Jupiter
open rust or something it be
like I have no idea you need to eer them
first
I need to import
what oh hold on I see Old St that has
red squiggly line
yeah
okay oh and then we need to implement
debug on
this okay I got rid of all the red Squig
boys except for the Run commands
R command um which ones St install I
guess you need to provide the speack uh
engine pel protocol yeah yeah yeah you
need to find the um
actual stuff in there just go to
implementation jel
protocol uh that's all you need to
implement for your own
structure and
then this
one
uh can't like
that there's that
thingy do it like
that and now we can Implement our own
stuff
here that should be what um what's the
typeal protocol
and oh all of those are just crial
protocol okay good um so it should be
something like struct plus
three
Jupiter protocol like we'll have
whatever we need inside of it then we do
we do
what
inor or no
that's the
thing we need to import
it why do you need self here you don't
want
to oh I see okay yeah so this has all
the zero mq stuff in it
okay makes
sense and now you implement this thing
okay then what you do is you like you
create a new instance like
um protocol let's do I don't know
public F
new for whatever reason like Russ p is
broken for me no why
but we do like
Kel
um that I
guess Jupiter Kel
um give me a
second uh I want to look at this
protocol and
TR okay so I need to implent all these I
see that's pretty beautiful language
info what is
that
key language
version you need to give a
logo it should be
optional it takes a maybe it can take an
empty it takes a slice of U it should be
optional
okay just make sure are you implementing
only those that are
required oh I see you can give it an
empty one
okay stupid but
okay yeah I don't know why Lang language
info knew just defaults to rust I guess
that's fine but
okay the who made liary stupid but
okay okay fine so uh so we want to
D you are way better than me at r i I
don't know what I'm doing here so let's
see I got to write function language
input to language info that's what I
have to
do and let's
see to import
that uh okay let's see what are required
none of them seem optional
so done with them what
none of the language info thing optional
so I'm just going to copy this over oh
yeah obviously obviously I'm I was
talking about the methods only because
stuff in the structure cannot be
optional but you can
um there something you can do though oh
got okay um can you apply for a mden
here
because okay much better
instead of doing this thing if you
didn't want to do something in here you
can like
do um the defaults are awful the
defaults were like all rust stuff you
you don't need PNG right yeah yeah I was
going to get rid of the PNG ones the
file extension one I need let me put
that one in do I put it with the
dot I do wait wait you said there were
defaults there are no defaults or what
there was it was implemented on new
unfortunately it was a new it wasn't
okay then we
do we do like that oh that's that's
really nice I didn't know about the
syntax uh so we need to provide key it
takes two arguments key in display what
is
that why are you doing this then
wait give me a
second how does this
work okay um oh oh I'm I'm blind I'm
actually well no but the file extension
is wrong so I can't I can't use
new that's fine you can use new oh I see
what you're saying okay that's fine yeah
we can use
new was it cast 3 or was the first yeah
cast three and um what is the display
supposed to be uh wait what's key oh no
what is anguage key even mean let's see
language it just says language key all
right I'm going to Google it give me a
second
jiter there is an awesome thing here let
me send you a
link
um nope maybe maybe it's like maybe it's
like language with the version so it's
like a like python 310 or something oh
no wait give me a second please um yeah
you I'll send you a link here
there's J CL documentation it describes
every uh oh that's for colel that should
be somewhere in hereit where did you
[Music]
the just give me a
second P it in I'm trying to find
the god how's it called colel info
message okay
uh here you have it home info Kel info
here's the explanation of all fields in
here um here oh
nice so the one we talking about is
called
what we looking at language key
right language key how how is it uh how
is it
serialized that's the
question is there's no such thing it's
not even in here and I wonder what the
lexer oh Lex is for highlighting that's
okay no it's lexer it's for
um there's like a standard lexer used in
Jupiter it has like a huge list of
supported languages oh if it's not
supportive you need to add it with
Colonel Jason uh JS f
that's okay we can skip the we can
definitely skip the lexer for now but I
don't see anything with this language
key maybe we should just leave it
empty or maybe we should just leave it
as cast three just let's just put it as
cast 3 and see what
happens I can't imagine that much goes
wrong oh yeah I hate this two string
nonsense okay
then okay the mine type the highlighter
this and the exporter I think are all
good and then we can probably get rid of
this what are you doing here oh those
are just the fields that I feel like are
needed
um oh I see what you're doing
okay oh nice yeah that's how you do
things in R okay let me look at the
other things in the uh
protocol but the other ones
look there lexer
highlighter yeah those are all nonsense
I don't care
that fine I don't
know okay it's probably fine all right
there's a whole bunch of other methods
that seem harder we need
to there's a connected method which I
don't know what that
is it
doesn't wait so wait only required
methods are connected and running and
that's it all other are
just oh wait I don't have to do all of
these I thought well how do you know
that they're optional
because they have a
body look at that oh oh this one has a
body
I all right now I know how rust works
okay so we just need running language
info and
connected all right that sounds good oh
hold on I might have to leave hey what's
up sure okay
uh all
right oh you still there
oh damn yeah yeah okay uh all right
thanks a lot hopefully uh we can find a
time to uh finish the rest of this um I
didn't realize that my girlfriend's soon
this is cool though I mean I can tell
it's kind of pissing you off a little
bit because I don't know how any of this
works but
uh this this is starting to make some
sense I'm sorry I I fallen asleep a bit
here three a.m. here dude yeah oh man I
know I know a lot of people like you uh
real owls I can't stay up that late but
uh yeah thanks a lot dude I got to run
good luck thanks have a good time you
too see
you dude ol is my favorite guy O's the
man
can't be too fast about this thing it's
super annoying